Update containers description (#337)
CDCgov/phdi: containers/ingestion/description.md

### Introduction
The PHDI ingestion service offers a REST API with endpoints for each step of the ingestion pipeline implemented in the PHDI Cloud Starter Kits ([Azure](https://github.com/CDCgov/phdi-azure), [GCP](https://github.com/CDCgov/phdi-google-cloud)) with the exception of conversion to FHIR. Conversion to FHIR is handled by a [separate service](https://github.com/CDCgov/phdi/tree/main/containers/fhir-converter).

### Running the Ingestion Service

The ingestion service can be run using Docker (or any other OCI container runtime e.g., Podman), or directly from the Python source code.

#### Running with Docker (Recommended)

To run the ingestion service with Docker follow these steps.
1. Confirm that you have Docker installed by running `docker -v`. If you do not see a response similar to what is shown below, follow [these instructions](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to install Docker.
```
❯ docker -v
Docker version 20.10.21, build baeda1f
``` 
2. Download a copy of the Docker image from the PHDI repository by running `docker pull ghcr.io/cdcgov/phdi/ingestion:main`.
3. Run the service with ` docker run -p 8080:8080 ghcr.io/cdcgov/phdi/ingestion:main`.

> Congratulations, the FHIR Converter should now be running on `localhost:8080`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, the ingestion service should now be running on `localhost:8080`!
```
